Источник: https://testnet.polyester.com/docs/user-docs/zipper/security
Скачано: 2026-09-29 11:20 UTC (curl с компьютера автора)

=== ТЕКСТ ===
Security · User Docs
TESTNET
Markets
Trade
Docs
Announcements
More
options
Search
/
Connect
Connect
User Docs
Developer Docs
SDK
API Docs
Discord
Start Here
What is Polyester?
Key Concepts
Create Your Account
Secure Your Account
First Deposit & Trade
Funds
Unified Assets
Supported Assets
Funding Account
Trading Account
Deposit Funds
Withdraw Funds
Internal Transfers
Trading
Overview
Trading Screen
Widgets
Overview
Polyester Chart
TradingView Chart
Depth Chart
Order Book
Market Trades
Order Form
Open Orders
Order Triggers
Order History
Funds
Order Types
Market Order
Limit Order
Time-in-Force & Post-Only
Iceberg
TWAP
Ladder
Stop-Loss Market
Stop-Loss Limit
Trailing Stop
Manage Orders
Quick Swap
Fees & VIP
Trading Fees
VIP Tiers
Deposit & Withdrawal Fees
Referrals
Overview
Rewards
Analytics
Account
Dashboard
Access & Security
Sign-In & Ownership
MFA & Recovery
Sessions & Alerts
Address Book & Whitelists
GuardSigner
API Keys
Ledger
Overview
Account Statements
Preferences
Overview
Appearance
Language & Region
Sounds
Notifications
Balances
Footer
Subaccounts
Overview
Manage Subaccounts
Members & Roles
Permissions & Policies
Address Book & Whitelists
Audit Logs
API Keys
PolyEngine
Overview
Admission
Matching
Settlement
PolyEngine Relay
Verifier Nodes
Escape Hatch
Zipper
Overview
Asset Lifecycle
Vaults
Validators
Security
Polyester Chain
Overview
Smart Account
Gas Abstraction
Validators
RPC Nodes
Polyester Scan
Overview
zAssets & uAssets
Asset Flows
Chain Activity
Tokens & Chains
Contracts & Tools
Reference
Confirmation Requirements
Testnet Faucets
Faucet Backups
Polyester Contracts
Audits
Official Links
Glossary
LLMs.txt
Help & Support
FAQs
Feature Requests
Submit a Support Ticket
User Docs
svg]:size-3.5">
/
Zipper
svg]:size-3.5">
/
Security
Security
Copy page
View as Markdown
Open in
Zipper
uses several independent security layers to protect every deposit and withdrawal. Each request is tied to an exact
route
, independently validated, recorded through one lifecycle, and allowed to create only one financial result.
Polyester works with
Cubist
to protect the signing keys used by Zipper's external-chain
vaults
TEEs
, and applies policy checks before a vault can sign a transaction.
Security throughout the lifecycle
Zipper protects an asset movement in seven stages:
Exact route.
The chain, asset contract, minimum, fee, and destination format must match a supported route.
Security screening.
A security scanner screens deposits and withdrawals for OFAC sanctions exposure, illicit activity, and wallet or transaction risk.
External
finality
A deposit reaches the required source-chain confirmations before minting, and Zipper follows a withdrawal through destination finality after release.
Independent validation.
Zipper validators check the transaction, amount, route, destination, policy, and vault liquidity through a two-thirds (2/3) quorum.
One request state.
The request ID connects validation, execution, fees, external transactions, and the final result.
Cubist TEE vault signing.
An approved withdrawal must pass CubeSigner's C2F policy and required
MFA
approvals before its transaction can be signed.
Supply and account updates.
Deposits mint only after approval. For withdrawals, the route-specific
Zipped Asset
is locked before the matching native backing leaves its vault. After the destination transaction reaches finality, Zipper burns the locked Zipped Asset.
These layers keep one deposit from minting twice and one withdrawal from producing duplicate external payments.
Independent Zipper validator quorum
Zipper testnet currently has 17 relayers and 4 validators. Mainnet is planned to launch with 12 or more validators, with broader operator participation as the network matures.
Each validator monitors supported blockchains through its own local RPC infrastructure and reviews deposit and withdrawal evidence independently. Relayers are separate from the validator approval set.
A request needs a two-thirds (2/3) validator quorum before it can continue. For deposits, validators confirm the source transaction, account attribution, asset, amount, confirmations, and screening result before a Zipped Asset can mint. For withdrawals, they review the policy, destination risk, amount, fee, and available vault liquidity.
Polyester Chain
validators
produce and validate blocks for Polyester Chain. They secure chain consensus but do not independently approve a Zipper deposit or withdrawal.
Keeping these roles separate means one system does not control observation, approval, custody signing, chain consensus, and account accounting by itself.
The
Validators
page explains how Zipper expands its initial quorum through progressively broader operator participation and infrastructure diversity.
How Cubist protects Zipper vaults
Cubist is Polyester's security partner for Zipper vault key management. Its
CubeSigner
system combines a trusted execution environment with an HSM-backed hardware root of trust. Vault keys are generated, stored, and used for signing inside this protected boundary. Raw private keys are never exposed to Zipper validators, Polyester operators, or Zipper application services.
The signing process works as follows:
Zipper validates the withdrawal and creates an exact transaction intent containing the chain, asset, amount, and destination.
The approved intent is sent to CubeSigner as a signing request. Zipper does not retrieve or handle the raw vault private key.
Cubist's C2F policy checks the exact transaction against the security rules attached to that vault key, including required MFA and approval conditions.
The key can sign only when the policy approves the request. The signing operation happens inside the protected TEE/HSM boundary.
CubeSigner returns the signature, while the private key remains protected inside the vault infrastructure.
This means access to a Polyester application server is not enough to move vault assets. A withdrawal still needs Zipper approval, an exact transaction intent, and Cubist's independent policy-enforced signature.
Cubist's role is focused on secure key storage and transaction signing. Zipper continues to own route validation, request state, validator approval, destination commitment, finality, and the Zipped Asset burn connected to the withdrawal.
Deposit protection
Before a deposit creates a Zipped Asset, Zipper confirms:
the exact chain and asset contract
the receiving address and Polyester account
the amount, minimum, and route fee
the source transaction and required confirmations
the security scanner's sanctions and transaction-risk screening result
that the source event has not already been used
that a two-thirds (2/3) validator quorum approved the request.
Only an approved request can mint its route-specific Zipped Asset and credit the matching
Unified Asset
to your account.
OFAC and transaction-risk screening
Every deposit and withdrawal is screened by a security scanner before processing. The scanner evaluates the source or destination for OFAC sanctions exposure, illicit activity, and other wallet or transaction risks.
The screening result becomes part of Zipper's validation and policy decision. This applies to deposits arriving at your assigned address and withdrawals leaving a Zipper vault, adding an independent transaction-risk layer before assets are minted or released.
Withdrawal protection
Withdrawal security begins with on-chain checks for the request parameters, fee, destination, and your available funds. Before a withdrawal leaves custody, Zipper confirms:
that your account can use the available balance
the destination chain, address, and destination tag when required
the principal, fee, and maximum fee you approved
your permissions, MFA, and withdrawal-whitelist settings
the security scanner's destination-risk screening result
the route's status and available vault liquidity
a two-thirds (2/3) Zipper validator quorum
the Cubist C2F policy and MFA approvals required for signing.
The withdrawal amount and fee remain reserved while the request is processed. After approval, the executor verifies the recipient and amount. The route-specific Zipped Asset is locked before the native asset leaves the source-chain vault. The executor broadcasts the signed external transaction and follows it through destination finality. After finality, Zipper burns the locked Zipped Asset.
Your account controls
Withdrawal and internal transfer controls depend on whether the active account is a
Main Account
or
Subaccount
and whether a person or
API key
submits the request.
Main Account
A Main Account uses multi-factor authentication (MFA), the External Withdrawal Whitelist, and the Internal Transfer Whitelist to protect withdrawals and transfers. When a whitelist requirement is enabled, the destination must be allowed through the Main Account's Address Book.
API keys do not complete MFA. Each API key can be allowed or denied access to External Withdrawals and Outgoing Internal Transfers. Giving a key that access allows it to submit the request, but it does not let the key bypass an enabled whitelist.
Subaccount
The Subaccount policy sets the maximum access available within the Subaccount. A member's role and any API-key permissions can restrict that access further. A member or API key can submit a withdrawal or internal transfer only when the Subaccount policy and the requester's access permit it.
Members and API keys must also follow the Subaccount's External Withdrawal and Internal Transfer Whitelists when those requirements are enabled. Interactive actions use MFA. API-key requests do not use MFA.
Custody and backing
External backing remains inside policy-controlled Zipper custody. Application services coordinate requests but do not have unrestricted authority to move vault assets.
Approved sweeps can organize assets between controlled custody addresses, and approved withdrawals can deliver them externally. Zipper does not lend, rehypothecate, or deploy the backing into other protocols.
Every circulating Zipped Asset remains backed one-to-one by its corresponding native asset. Separate vaults, supplies, and redemption paths for every supported asset and source chain limit exposure between assets and networks.
See
Vaults
for the full custody and source-chain supply model. The
Audits page
lists published security reports and their scope.
Public transparency
Vault balances,
Funding Account
balances, deposits, withdrawals, Zipped Asset mints and burns, internal transfers, and circulating supplies are public and can be independently viewed through
Polyester Scan
Deposit, withdrawal, and internal transfer Flows show the connected account, amount, source, destination, fee, status, and linked transactions.
svg]:grid-cols-[0.875rem_1fr] has-[>svg]:gap-x-2 [&>svg]:mt-[3px] has-[[role=heading]]:[&>svg]:mt-0.5 [&>svg]:size-3.5 [&>svg]:shrink-0 [&>svg]:text-current not-prose my-[calc(var(--block-spacing))] flex gap-4! overflow-hidden rounded-lg px-5 py-4" style="--alert-tint: var(--status-new-info-bg); --alert-line: var(--status-new-info-border); --alert-fg: var(--status-new-info-fg);" data-slot="alert" data-variant="info" role="alert">
Public activity, private trading data
p]:my-0 [&_ol]:my-3 [&_ol]:list-decimal [&_ol]:pl-6 [&_p]:my-3 [&_p:first-child]:mt-0 [&_p:last-child]:mb-0 [&_ul]:my-3 [&_ul]:list-disc [&_ul]:pl-6 text-current/70 [&_strong]:text-current mt-0.5">
Polyester Scan shows public Polyester Chain activity and account-attributed Asset Flows. It does not expose your Trading balance, orders, fills, sessions, multi-factor authentication details, private credentials, or complete financial Ledger.
Related Topics
Overview
See how Zipper moves supported assets between external chains and your Polyester account.
Asset Lifecycle
Follow your asset from an external deposit to a Polyester balance and back to an external chain.
Vaults
See how Zipper deposit addresses, custody vaults, and route inventory support deposits and withdrawals.
Validators
See how Zipper validators independently review asset movements and how participation expands as the protocol matures.
Previous
Validators
Next
Overview
On this page
Security throughout the lifecycle
Independent Zipper validator quorum
How Cubist protects Zipper vaults
Deposit protection
OFAC and transaction-risk screening
Withdrawal protection
Your account controls
Main Account
Subaccount
Custody and backing
Public transparency
Related Topics
Share this page
Security
See how Zipper protects deposits, withdrawals, custody, and Zipped Asset supply.
Share
Copy Link
